God for our liturgical dance ministry, young women of God dancing into the glory of God, amen.
Watch that.
I want to acknowledge all of our college students who are home for the great college students, graduate students.
Amen.
Please stand.
I see some of you scattered across the sanctuary.
Amen.
And grades about to come out now.
We know that y'all have all made the deans list.
Amen.
We believe in God.
I want to read one verse in your hearing.
Two verses.
The end of verse 48.
In the beginning of verse 49 of Luke chapter one.
For he has regarded the lowly state of his maidservant.
For behold henceforth all generations will call me blessed.
For he has done, for he who is mighty, has done great things for me.
Amen.
This first Sunday of Advent, I want to preach as the Holy Spirit shall give me help from the topic I am blessed.
Look at your neighbors.
Say, neighbor, you're blessed.
Look on the other side.
Say, you look blessed.
Lord, bless your word.
Bless your preacher.
Bless your people.
Give us ears to hear.
Your words, my mouth.
in Jesus name.
Amen.
God chooses and uses people.
God chooses and uses the popular.
But God also chooses and uses the unlikely.
God chooses and uses men.
God also chooses and uses women.
God chooses and uses the old.
God also chooses and uses the young.
God chooses and uses introverts.
And God also chooses and uses extroverts.
God chooses and uses Democrats.
God chooses and uses Republicans.
God chooses and uses people with PhDs.
And God chooses and uses people with GEDs.
God chooses and uses people.
According to this familiar New Testament text, God is choosing and using
a young woman by the name of Mary for a special assignment.
On the surface, Mary does not seem the most likely to be chosen and used for this special assignment.
Mary is young, Mary is from an impoverished background, Mary is a woman,
More significantly, Mary is betrothed or engaged to another man.
Yet God through the angel Gabriel has informed Mary that he is choosing and using her to be the mother of our Savior and Lord Jesus Christ.
unexpected, unrequested, uninvited.
But God is choosing Mary to be the mother of our Savior and Lord Jesus Christ.
As Mary receives this news earlier in Luke chapter one, the text says that Mary makes her way to the hill country of Judah
to spend time with her cousin Elizabeth.
As Mary knows, Elizabeth is her chronologically mature older cousin who has been supernaturally impregnated by an old man, her husband by the name of Zachariah.
Mary and Elizabeth spend time together encouraging one another as they both have received unexpected miraculous and supernatural news.
Mary receives this news that is changing the trajectory of her life and upending everything that she was planning in her life.
Mary is engaged to a good brother who has a good union job as a carpenter.
Mary is planning to live her life as a holy married woman of God with a good man by the name of Joseph.
Yet God tells Mary you are favored by me
because I am choosing and planning to use you as the mother of Jesus Christ.
Yet according to Luke chapter one, verses 46 to 56, Mary does not respond with gloom and doom.
Mary does not respond as if she is condemned or cursed.
But Mary in this text that we know as the Magnificon
responds with gratitude and thanksgiving.
Despite the challenge of being the mother of our Savior and Lord Jesus Christ, everybody looking at her crazy, Mary, according to verse 48 in Luke chapter one, says generations will call me blessed.
Mary does not see herself as curse, but Mary sees herself as blessed.
Mary does not see herself as condemned, but Mary sees herself as blessed.
Mary does not see God as hurting her or wounding her, but Mary sees God as blessing her.
People are questioning her sanity because she's talking about she's gonna be pregnant by a ghost, but Mary sees herself as blessed.
Joseph is questioning her faithfulness, but Mary sees herself as a blessed.
Friends and family are wondering about her sanity, but Mary sees herself as blessed.
According to her testimony, Mary is not saying God is against me, but Mary sees God as for her and declares that generations will call her blessed.
And I'm talking to somebody on this Sunday after Thanksgiving as we are preparing for the Advent season.
With all the stuff going on around you, you can see yourself as unfortunate.
You can see yourself as cursed.
You can see yourself as condemned.
But I need a thousand folk to declare I'm not cursed, but I'm blessed.
I'm not condemned, but I'm blessed.
God has a work for me to do.
People are wondering if I'm crazy because I'm talking about what God is going to do in my life.
And I know folk are wondering if I got it all together.
Folks, wondering how I could smile in the midst of what I'm going through.
Folks, wondering why I have peace in the midst of all that's going on around me.
Folks, wondering how I could have joy in the midst of challenges, but they don't know who I know or what I know.
I declare I'm not cursed, but I'm blessed.
Do I have anybody who sees yourself?
Not the way the world sees you, but you are declaring that I'm blessed because God says I am blessed.
Can I preach this on this Sunday morning?
You can't see yourself the way other folks see you.
You got to learn to see yourself the way God sees you.
And maybe that's the $1,000 problem on this Sunday morning.
We spend too much time thinking about what they are thinking of us and not enough time thinking about the way we ought to think about ourselves.
Based on what God says, it don't matter what they say, it matters what God says.
If God says, I'm blessed, that I'm blessed.
If God says, I got favor, I got favor.
If God says, I am blessed in the city, then I'm blessed.
Mary got drama all around her.
But Mary says, I am blessed.
Can I preach on this Sunday morning?
Because some of us think we can only be blessed when life is perfect.
If I can, if I got red bottoms, I'm blessed.
If I drive a luxury sedan that I'm blessed, if all of my children act right, then I'm blessed.
If the mortgage is paid through February 2026, then I'm blessed.
But how many of us know in the sound, under the sound of my voice that life don't have to be perfect for you to declare I'm blessed?
Let me do my good preaching on this Sunday Antonio Lawrence for black folk in America.
We've never had it all together, but we've been blessed in the midst of a racist country.
Do I have a witness on this Sunday morning?
We've been victims of domestic terrorism.
Y'all ain't talking to me.
47 ain't the first goon been in the White House.
We've been dealing with ghouls, hootlems, and thugs since the beginning of this country.
But we have prospered, we have thrived, we have flourished.
This ain't the first time we've been dealing with racism.
We've been dealing with racism since we got here.
But we've been declaring, we blessed.
Do I have a witness in here on this Sunday morning?
Your mother and father didn't have what you have, but they were able to prosper, build America, build Shaw, build Virginia Union, because we've been blessed.
Mary says, I'm blessed.
Despite everything going on around her imperfections, lack of favor,
Why does Mary declare that she is blessed?
And I'm raising this question so we can evaluate how we are blessed.
Mary is blessed because of what God is doing in her.
When I talk about in her, I'm not talking about physiological gestation.
I'm not talking about the supernatural birth of Jesus Christ.
I'm talking about Jesus has yet to be conceived.
God is telling Mary she is going to be the mother of Jesus.
But God has to prepare Mary internally for what God is going to do in her life.
Sometimes when God gives us a promise, we are not ready yet for God to fulfill the promise.
But God, through nine months, is getting Mary right and ready by blessing her internally so she can be prepared to give birth to Jesus Christ.
Can I preach this and bless somebody?
Every blessing is not material.
Every blessing is not tangible.
Every blessing is not something where you live, what you wear, where you drive.
There are some blessings that are internal and are all about what God is doing in us.
Go and preach this.
Wisdom.
Come on, talk to me.
Ain't tangible, but you know it when you got it.
Joy can't be worn on your feet, but you know it when you got it.
Intestinal fortitude ain't something you drive, but you know it when you got it.
Perseverance ain't nothing you wear.
But you know it when you got it.
Restraint.
Ain't nothing you put on your head.
But you know it when you got it.
Enthusiasm.
Ain't nothing when you live.
But you know it when you got it.
Do I have a witness in here?
There's some of us who are blessed in ways we don't realize because we are comparing
spiritual blessings to material blessings.
But somebody needs to recognize I may not have red bottoms, but I got joy.
I may not have purple label, but I got wisdom from the Holy Spirit.
I may not have a luxuries again, but I got joy that the world can't give and the world can't take away.
I got peace that passes all understanding.
It ain't always on the outside.
It's about what God is doing on the inside.
You think about what you have that money can buy.
Can I preach this?
Think about what you have that the world will not say you're wealthy in.
Mary is blessed.
Because of what God is doing in her.
Mary is blessed because of what God is doing around her.
Mary is spending time with her older cousin Elizabeth.
Elizabeth physiologically should not be having children.
Zachariah, her man.
Come on, talk to me.
Shouldn't be talking about having a baby, but only God.
Supernaturally, miraculously, touch the body of an older man, an older woman, and produce John the Baptist, and marry
has been a witness to what God is going to do in the life of Zachariah and Elizabeth.
It is not Mary's blessing, but it is a blessing around her.
Can I preach this?
Because sometimes we think we are only blessed when it happens to us.
If it's my house, if it's my children,
If it's my church, if it's my alma mater, then I'm blessed.
No.
God doesn't just bless us so we can say we are blessed.
Sometimes God blesses people around us.
Come on, help me preach in here.
That's why we can't be narrow-minded.
We can't be small.
We can't be envious.
We can't be jealous.
We can't be haters.
Because if God blesses my sister, then I'm blessed.
If God blesses my brother, then I'm blessed.
If God blesses the church down the street, then I'm blessed.
Sometimes the blessing is, God can let me see what he can do with somebody else's life.
Because if God blesses somebody in the neighborhood, if God blesses somebody in the same zip code, God blesses somebody in the same area code that I know God still sits high and still looks low.
And my time hadn't come yet, but if I wait on him, if I trust him, if I believe in him, then the same God who blessed Elizabeth is able to bless me.
Can I preach this?
Do I have anybody who can shout for your neighbor's blessing?
It hadn't happened for you yet.
But you are blessed because of what God is doing around you.
Somebody's been healed in your neighborhood.
Somebody's been blessed on your rule.
Somebody retired on your rule.
Somebody just had a wedding anniversary in your neighborhood.
Somebody in your family just got a full ride.
Somebody just became a root scholar.
Somebody just got their bills paid.
Somebody just got repaid from the government after being furloughed.
Sometimes we need to praise God, not for what He's done for us, but for what He's done for our neighbor.
Can I preach on this Sunday morning?
Let me see if I can make it plain.
Mackenzie Scott, one of the major philanthropists in the United States of America, has blessed multiple historically black colleges and universities.
Can I preach this on this Sunday morning?
It may not be Howard University, but I'm praising God for the blessing of Johnson C. Smith.
I'm praising God for the blessing of Morgan State University.
I'm praising God for the blessing of Spelman.
for other universities that are being blessed because if God can do it for them, y'all ain't talking to me, then God can do it for somebody else.
You got to learn to be broad-minded.
You got to learn to be mature.
You got to learn to grow up aiming somebody.
Well, God didn't do it for me, then I guess God don't like me now.
Maybe if you learn to thank God for what he does for somebody else.
Maybe if you get out of your own way, get out of your own mind.
Maybe if you put down hateration, maybe if your stocks suck it on them lemons, maybe God will say you can handle it.
But until we get out of our own way, until we stop hating and celebrate what God does for Elizabeth.
I'm blessed because of what God is doing in me.
I'm blessed because of what God is doing around me.
But I'm blessed because of what God is doing for me.
Yeah.
Verse 49 says, he has done great things.
Yes, for me.
And look, the text says, this is Luke chapter one.
It has not happened yet.
I'm not in Luke chapter two yet.
Jesus is born in Luke chapter two, but Mary is thanking God in Luke chapter one.
It hadn't happened yet.
Come on, talk to me.
Morning sickness hadn't happened yet.
Come on, can I preach this?
Attendance in the body hadn't happened yet.
Physiological changes have not happened yet, but Mary is praising God for what God is going to do as if it has already happened.
I dare somebody to praise God for what God promised that he's going to do.
Praise God for what God said God is going to do.
Praise God for the miracle around the corner.
Praise God for the blessing in 2026.
Praise God for the graduation in May of 2026.
Praise God for getting off the hot blood pressure medication.
Praise God for the open door.
Praise God for the miracle.
Praise God for the promotion.
Praise God for joy.
Praise God for peace.
Praise God for what God is going to do.
It hadn't happened yet.
But somebody knows God can do great things.
God can do the amazing.
God can do the miraculous.
If God can impregnate a virgin, then who says what God can do for you?
Do I have a witness on this Sunday morning?
I still believe in miracles.
I still believe in signs.
I still believe in wonders.
It hadn't happened yet, but praise God.
Like it already happened.
Praise God.
Like all God already did it.
Eyes have not seen.
Ears have not heard.
Neither has an answer to the mind of man.
What God has prepared for those who love him.
Let everything that have breath praise the Lord.
Let this side praise him.
Let the middle praise him.
Let the choir praise him.
Let everything.
Praise him for what he's going to do.
Hallelujah.
God ain't finished with you yet.
Your story is not over.
You'll send the end of your story.
God is still working.
Stand to your feet.
Just look at your neighbor, say you blessed.
Look on the other side, say you blessed.
Can I help somebody on this Sunday morning?
Stop talking about what you don't have.
I don't have them red bottoms like, but you got 50 pair shoes that ain't red bottoms.
I don't have that new, such and such to drive.
You got a car that's paid off.
I have never heard of the older I get,
The more comparisons are unfair.
Ain't no fair comparisons.
I wish I had.
You don't know what she living with.
That joker, the boogeyman at home.
Let me flip the coin.
She's sibbled at home.
You think she find in public?
She find in public.
Joke ahead, spin around at 720.
Somebody said, be grateful.
There's somebody this morning, brother, sister, you are blessed.
If you don't hear anything else, I say, I want you to realize how blessed you are.
Life doesn't have to be perfect for you to see yourself as blessed.
It ain't never gonna be perfect.
We live in a fallen world.
A fallen, or fallen, corrupted world.
Life ain't never gonna be perfect.
Herod was the king when Mary said this.
You think the one we got is a monster.
Come on now, Herod killed his brother.
Killed his children.
Come on now.
Somebody right now, my sister, my brother, I want you to respond to how blessed you are.
You're not saved, but you're blessed.
God's been blessing you to draw you to him.
I don't deserve it.
No, you don't, but God's been blessing you.
He's been working in your life to draw you to him.
Somebody right now, my brother, you're not saved.
My sister, you're not saved.
My brother, you don't have a church home.
My sister, you don't have a church family.
God's been working in your life.
God's been working on you to draw you to Him.
Come on, brother.
Come on, sister.
I want somebody right now.
There's somebody who needs a savior, somebody who needs a church home.
I want you to just tell your neighbor, excuse me.
Excuse me.
And then come on, come on, walk down the aisle.
Come on, come on to Jesus.
Come accept Jesus right now.
Come unite with watch chapel right now.
My sister, my brother, there's somebody.
I'm talking to Holy Spirit is talking to you through me.
You're like, I wonder if he took, yeah, I'm talking to you.
Yeah, I am.
Come on brother, come on sister.
May be a family today.
Your blessing has come from God.
Your blessings have come from the hand of Almighty God.
I want you to respond to the goodness of God in your life.
Realize how God has blessed you, what God is doing in your life.
What God is doing around you.
Your children are blessed in ways you can't even fathom.
And you thank in God for God blessing your...
Sometimes it's the blessings around us.
Lord, draw somebody right now who needs a church family.
Draw somebody now who needs a savior.
Compel Holy Spirit, touch their legs right now.
Touch their mind right now.
Let them move out of the aisle right now.
Amen.
Come on, brother.
Come on, sister.
You've been visiting every Sunday.
You've been here the past nine months, folk think you a member.
Amen.
Here's somebody coming right now.
God bless you.
Have a seat right here on the front row.
Amen.
Come on.
These two ladies have already come.
There's probably, there's somebody else.
I'm talking to you.
Yes.
Come on.
We're gonna wait a little bit more time.
You got a little time and still somebody ask your neighbor, watch the album.
Look at your neighbor.
He talking to you.
Say, do you want to accept Jesus today?
Do you want to join the church today?
Somebody tell them I walk with you.
Now smile out on that.
Hey, man, smile out on.
Come on, smile.
Repeat after me.
God, I thank you for the gift of salvation.
God, I thank you for your son, Jesus.
I admit I'm a sinner.
I believe that Jesus died for me on the cross of Calvary.
And I confess Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord of my life.
And I'm going to do what Jesus tells me to do so I can be who he wants me to be.
Amen.
That's the first time you've prayed that prayer.
I want you to walk forward.
If you prayed that prayer before you understand it, be seated.
Let's thank God for these young ladies.
Amen.
If you need to be baptized, please sign up today.
Baptism is next Sunday.
Brothers, we'll see you on Tuesday night, $10.
Amen.
Please register in advance so we do not run out of food, amen.
We do not want to be embarrassed, amen.
Brothers, register, amen, $10 per brother, amen.
Sisters, gift cards to bless women with interact next Tuesday.
It's the last Bible study, last the Wanna, last word on Wednesday, this upcoming Wednesday, amen.
Let's stand to our feet for the benediction.
May the grace of our Lord and Savior, the love of God, fellowship of the Holy Spirit, rest rule and abide with us until we shall meet again.
The people of God say amen.
Amen.